add more details to toStringTag symbol in built-in objects (#28915)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/symbol/tostringtag/index.md

### Built-in toStringTag symbols

> Most built-in objects provide their own `@@toStringTag` property. All built-in objects' `@@toStringTag` property is not writable, not enumerable, and configurable.
> If a built-in object provides this property, it will be available as a property inside the prototype if it's a constructor or function built-in object like Promise, so any instance of it will inherit it. Otherwise, it will be available as a static property inside non-constructor and non-function built-in objects like Math and JSON.
> In addition, built-in objects that provide this property don't have their own implementation of the toString() function because they rely on the Object.prototype.tostring function, which is why they provide this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most built-in objects provide their own `@@toStringTag` property. All built-in objects' `@@toStringTag` property is not writable, not enumerable, and configurable.

For constructor objects like {{jsxref("Promise")}}, the property is installed on `Constructor.prototype`, so that any instance of the constructor will inherit `@@toStringTag`. For non-constructor objects like {{jsxref("Math")}} and {{jsxref("JSON")}}, the property is installed as a static property.
```

The part about custom toString is not enforced in any standard—for one example, the web API `URL` both provides `@@toStringTag` and `toString()`. There's no guarantee that JS core won't have such an object in the future.

Author: Yeah there's no specs force that but nearly all built-in standard objects (web api objects not included) do this, I think we can say they "regularly do this" instead of "don't have ", How does that sound? .. also it makes sense to not do both at the same time because providing @@toStringTag is nearly useless if the object has its own toString()

Author: also missed your valuable discussions :) ....it's been ages

Reviewer: > I think we can say they "regularly do this"

I don't think it's intentionally a design principle, no. There are two design principles:

1. All new objects must have a `@@toStringTag`. The only exceptions are the legacy ones like `Boolean`, `RegExp`, `Error`, etc., which are already special-cased by `Object.prototype.toString`.
2. Objects that can have a more sensible stringification should provide stringification. As another example, `Intl.Locale` (if you count Intl as a part of core JS) also has both, because it's new and it can be stringified.

It just so happens that no new object in the core of JavaScript has a sensible string representation. That doesn't mean it won't change. For example, `Temporal` may have it.

The logical implication that "if `@@toStringTag`, then no `toString`" is simply wrong because every object should have `@@toStringTag`, which means none of them would have `toString` under this implication. If you say "sometimes they have `@@toStringTag`, sometimes they have `toString`, sometimes they have both", then I think the sentence basically says nothing.

> Most built-in objects provide their own `@@toStringTag` property. All built-in objects' `@@toStringTag` property is not writable, not enumerable, and configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most built-in objects provide their own `@@toStringTag` property. Almost all built-in objects' `@@toStringTag` property is not writable, not enumerable, and configurable; the exception is {{jsxref("Iterator")}}, which is writable for compatibility reasons.
```

> For constructor objects like {{jsxref("Promise")}}, the property is installed on `Constructor.prototype`, so that all instances of the constructor inherit `@@toStringTag` and can be stringified. For non-constructor objects like {{jsxref("Math")}} and {{jsxref("JSON")}}, the property is installed as a static property, so that the namespace object itself can be stringified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For constructor objects like {{jsxref("Promise")}}, the property is installed on `Constructor.prototype`, so that all instances of the constructor inherit `@@toStringTag` and can be stringified. For non-constructor objects like {{jsxref("Math")}} and {{jsxref("JSON")}}, the property is installed as a static property, so that the namespace object itself can be stringified. Sometimes, the constructor also provides its own `toString` method (for example, {{jsxref("Intl.Locale")}}), in which case the `@@toStringTag` property is only used when you explicitly call `Object.prototype.toString` on it.
```
